= Did You Mean Plugin

A Redmine plugin to search for possible duplicates when users are about to open new issues.
You can find more information on the project wiki: https://github.com/abahgat/redmine_didyoumean/wiki

== Install

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
1. Make sure the plugin installation directory name is <tt>redmine_didyoumean</tt>
1. Restart the server (this will ensure that the CSS file and other assets are copied to the right place)
1. (optional) Configure the plugin by navigating to Administration > Plugins and select the Configure label on the line for Did You Mean?

== Searching engines
By default plugin use SQL Engine, but there is available SphinxSearch and Elasticsearch engines.

<b>Thinking Sphinx Engine:</b>
[1. Before you switch to Thinking Sphinx you should make sure that SphinxSearch engine was installed]
 - <tt>sudo apt-get install sphinxsearch</tt>
 - Plugin use Thinking Sphinx v3.1.1 and Sphinx should be v2.2.4 or newer.
 - Thinking Sphinx will be installed with bundle commend (was definded in Gemfile)
[2. If everything was successfully installed then in your console run(in main Redmine catalog):]
 - <tt>bundle exec rake ts:index</tt> (index your data)
 - <tt>bundle exec rake ts:start</tt>
 - Choose search method :  Administration -> Plugins -> Redmine Did You Mean? -> select Thinking Sphinx Engine.
 - Now possibly duplicated subject's will be searching by Sphinx.
[3. If you want stop searching by SphinxSearch Engine in your console run:]
 - <tt>bundle exec rake ts:stop</tt>
 - Switch method in plugin configuration.
<b>Elasticsearch Engine:</b>
[1. Make sure that JAVA and Elasticsearch was installed]
 - Install ElasticSearch from <tt>http://www.elasticsearch.org/download/ </tt>
 - Test your connection <tt>curl -XGET 'http://localhost:9200'</tt> - status should equal 200
 - Switch search engine in Admin panel to <tt>Elasticsearch Engine</tt> and choose language. (by default is English)
 - Run Elasticsearch <tt>sudo service elasticsearch start</tt>
 - In main redmine catalog run <tt>bundle exec rake searchkick:reindex CLASS=Issue</tt>
[2. If you want stop Elasticsearch engine]
 - Run <tt>sudo service elasticsearch stop</tt>
 - You can remove indexes by rails console by: <tt>Issue.clean_indices</tt>
[3. If you are using PROXY]
 - move <tt>config/initializers/elasticsearch.rb.default</tt> to <tt>redmine/config/initializers/</tt>
 - move <tt>config/elasticsearch.yml.default</tt> to <tt>redmine/config/</tt>
[4. Another languages]
 - Install plugin to elasticsearch, guide: http://www.elasticsearch.org/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/modules-plugins.html
 - Write configuration(settings) in issue_patch.rb and add language to languages.yml file.
[5. Elastic Management]
 - If you want manege your elastic and indexes, then install plugin: http://www.elastichq.org/
 - If it's done then go to: <tt>http://localhost:9200/_plugin/HQ/</tt> and connect.

=== Difference between search engines
Main adventages of SphinxSearch is fact that if you set many words to searching this gives you results faster then SQL Engine.

<b>* SQL Engine:</b>
Takes words 1:1 if you match 'GUI Changes' this will be looking for "GUI" "Changes".

<b>* Thinking Sphinx Engine:</b>
Firstly search for words 1:1 after this substrac last character ex. like: "Running"
 - Firstly "Running" 
 - "Runner"
 - etc.
<b>* Elasticsearch Engine:</b>
Support fuzzy word matching, real-time indexing. Query: "test":
 - test
 - testing
 - tested
 - time-testing
 - etc.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See <tt>COPYRIGHT.txt</tt> and <tt>GPL.txt</tt> for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainers on the project page on GitHub (https://github.com/abahgat/redmine_didyoumean). If you want to report bugs, please open a new issue here: https://github.com/abahgat/redmine_didyoumean/issues

Please search for duplicates first :P
